add qiskit on LUMI version (#2181)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/qiskit.md

Currently supported Qiskit versions:

| Version | Module          | Puhti | Mahti | LUMI | Notes           |
| :------ | :-------------- | :---: | :---: | :---:| --------------- |
| 0.43.2  | `qiskit/0.43.2` |   X   |   X   |      |                 |
| 0.45.3  | `qiskit/0.45.3` |   X   |   X   |      |                 |
| 1.0.2   | `qiskit/1.0.2`  |   X   |   X   |      | default version |
| 1.1.1   | `qiskit/1.1.1`  |       |       |  X   | default version |

Includes all the major Qiskit packages (Terra, Nature, Aer, etc.) and GPU support for the

> CUDA-accelerated simulation methods. The `qiskit/1.0.2` and `qiskit/1.1.1` packages include the following qiskit plugins:

Reviewer: Perhaps just say "GPU accelerated" and remove specific mention to cuda as we have LUMI now?

module load qiskit/1.0.2
```

> The Qiskit module can also be used from the Puhti/LUMI web interface using Jupyter and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Qiskit module can also be used from Puhti, Mahti and LUMI web interfaces using Jupyter and
```
